Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
The ruins of Oleg's
castle are just over
this hill. actually. We'll
sneak in the first night.
Sneak. What are we sneaking for?
Well. the thing about
ancient ruins is that
there's normally a
nasty beastly that moves
in and makes it into
a lair. Makes sense.
It's totally how it's
been in all the ruins
I've played through.
Played through.
Oh. and those two been at it
all morning. planning in circles.
Yeah. Flinders
having a one-sided
romance with
Calibor. it's actually
kind of hard to
watch. A bro mount.
Oh. yes. no. I see. Calibor
is easy to like. he's clever.
Relentlessly brave.
has a silver tongue. and
in his mind. means
well. in all what he does.
But... but when it
goes wrong. and it will
go wrong. Calibor will
push you face down in
the mire and use your
back as a stepping stone.
Well. that seems a bit
harsh. Try spending a
few moons in deck two. then
you'll see what's a little harsh.
Wait. is Calibor's fault that
you were a prisoner?
I'd rather not speak of it.
But yes. all this fault. What?
Well. I'm trying to say
is that if the room is
a true. a bi-clops is taken
up residence at Oleg's chief.
Bi-clops? What's a bi-clops?
Sounds like a cyclops. but
with two eyes instead of one?
Yes. exactly. But
we have two eyes.
It doesn't make
us bi-clops as two.
What about this is so hard
to understand? Listen. we're
just saying a bi-clops
has two eyes. which
is a regular number
of eyes. And therefore.
twice is deadly. It's
just a dude with two
eyes. like the rest of
us. Well. best pipe down
or it'll hit you from here.
If someone say bi-clops?
Yeah. Calibor is
telling us all about
the big. bad bi-clops.
Calibor is not.
Calibor's right!
Calibor's so right!
The bi-clops is horrible. It's
horrible. I hate this bi-clops!
The one in Calibor
did say it was a
giant two head and
two head clumps.
I think that a bi-clops is
sufficiently clear. At least
we found a useful way to find this.
You make excellent bi-clops.
It's too bad! There's the entrance.
Go! Now! I hate this bi-clops!
Hey! Bi-clops! Bi-clops!
Bolt eyes on me!
Look it out! It's
we're getting a fire!
We're being...
Idiot!
We have to hold cash!
We'll stay here.
Come on. we'll stay here.
The boy might be
better off than we are.
but feel free to go
out there and die.
Oh. man. let's do it now.
Ah!
So!
It's deliberately using
a way to find her face.
Well. I've worn them
all about the bi-clops.
It's such a terrible plan.
Plan that works is by
definition a good plan for it says.
Do you really hate
Calibur's guts. huh?
His guts...
more especially his smug face.
And the rest of the
general personage.
Look. it's this way. See?
Oh. yes.
Oh!
Question.
Why are the archways so dang tiny?
Oleg who's king of the dwarves.
everything here is suitably small.
Flynn Lantern.
So. Aurora. what's the
deal with you in Calibur?
I don't think about this.
To quote TikTok.
express. don't repress.
You gotta feel it
to heal it. right?
No. I'm sorry. I don't
understand the word of that.
Is that supposed to be
Calibur just because it's right?
You need to share your feelings.
Yeah. you know. tell
all your friends about it
before it builds up and
then your headaches was.
Yeah.
No. it's probably best if I don't.
What?
Share your feelings.
The people from your world
really suffer such nonsense.
On second thought.
perhaps it's wise you all
learn the truth about
our friend Calibur.
What truth?
Don't start it before we even met.
When I was betrothed
to Prince Frederick.
Prince Frederick?
Wait. stop. stop.
Betrothed?
Seriously?
You didn't think it was
worth mentioning that you
were married to all Prince
Tyco trying to murder us?
Betrothed.
Not married. It means
people going to get married.
They not teach you
proper words in your
world that requires
reading a book.
But still. Vedric. it wasn't
arranged marriage by the royal
families to secure the throne
and bring peace and prosperity.
Someday. we will be king and queen.
And the fate of Realm will be ours.
And what sort of king would you be?
I will restore the realm
to its former glory.
I'll start with a mage
council. while we
once evaluate the
merit of the individual.
The status of their birth.
Bold. The nobles weren't like that.
I'm not afraid to
fight for his rights.
The ancients were on my side.
And if you succeeded. what then?
I would bring peace to the
borderless. distribute marrow to
those who will use their best.
builders. farmers and craftsmen.
Just the nobles who wasted
on beauty. pleasure and advice.
And when I raise your
brothers and sisters.
see that the realm
belongs to them.
Just as much as it belongs to us.
We will all be united in purpose.
You said us.
My desire is that you
and I do this together.
Then why wait to be king?
You have enough influence
to begin such great things now.
To pry the marrow from my mother's
hands. that would start a war.
In my studies. I have read stories.
Of the ancient ones
raising great monuments
for just a single
pinch of marrow.
The ancients are long gone. and
they took the secrets of the grave.
I read of an object
containing the power of
the ancients. banished
from another world.
The skull of modic.
Are you kidding me?
You told Vedic about the skull?
No.
Sadly. yes.
It was either first put
the idea in his head.
That's our perfect princess.
Vedic had to noble
intentions at first.
Ah!
18 of my best cavalry dead.
There's no barons of nothing
next to the magic of the anci.
Only my mother had
spread a few drums
of marrow that
they would be ours.
No matter how peaceful
she stands in the way.
I didn't know you
had a healing gift.
He never asked.
If it's a focus on
these rebellions...
I have good news.
I've discovered the
whereabouts of the skull.
It's at a fall or a
flood across the stars.
Soon I will find the
key to take you there.
You have amazed me.
Are you truly honest?
Okay. you two are close. We get it.
Were you in love with him?
Or was he in love with
you when you kissed?
That is not important to the story.
How is that not important?
Ignore him. Go on.
I delved even deeper
into the oldest records
and learned of an
ancient machine that
would open the way
to the other world.
The void key.
And before I could even think
of what to do with this knowledge.
Zaya came to me and
warned me of a dark future
where Vedric becomes
consumed by the skull's power.
And Vedric was displeased with me.
Why are you even talking to Zaya?
Her mind is broken.
Everyone knows that. Don't let my
sister infect you with her madness.
We'll be waiting.
Zaya is Vedric's sister.
Glad to hear.
Yeah. it seems like there's a
lot you've been keeping from us.
Because she's been telling you
only what serves her purpose.
I was simply trying
not to confuse them.
But this changes everything.
How can we trust Zaya when
her own brother wants us dead?
Half. brother. actually.
But it was Zaya who first
told the doctors in him.
Still doesn't mean
we can trust her.
Right?
Well. who is this never
wise to trust Zaya?
All right. Hamlet.
Enough staring at the skull.
Time to explain how this thing's
going to help us get Flynn back.
I believe it will amplify my
power to envision possible futures.
And my brother. we're doing this
to bring Flynn home safe. right?
That is part of the
objective. ideally.
Well. that's my only objective.
So let's just focus on that part.
Oh. hello. I didn't know
you hit company. Darryl.
Uh. yeah. she's just a friend.
Uh-huh. Can I talk with
you in the other room?
She'll four minutes.
Chin.
Two. like hang out. Don't touch
or do anything. I'll be right back.
You are fit close to
being grounded. Darryl.
Just because Flynn has
gone AWOL doesn't mean
all the house rules
fly out of the window.
I mean. who is this
girl in your room?
Zaya's not my...we're not in the...
You're a terrible
liar. You better not
be sneaking around
behind Bradley's back.
No. mom. it's nothing like that.
Zaya's just trying to
help me find Flynn.
If she knows something.
she needs to tell the police.
She's not...she doesn't
know anything yet.
Hopefully that'll
change soon. because.
..she's...um...um...a psychic.
A psychic?
You mean like a fortune teller?
But for real. I know
it sounds crazy. but.
..I'm just trying to find Flynn.
Right now. this is
the only lead I've got.
Honey. I'm so sorry. I've
been so focused on Flynn.
..that I haven't even
asked you how you're doing.
No. don't add me to your list
of worries. Honestly. I'm fine.
I'm glad to hear it.
You're still grounded
for sneaking a
girl into your room.
Well. for the record.
she kind of just barged in.
Not helping. I gotta go. It seems
maybe Mitch has an actual lead.
Hey. keep me posted.
I will. That young lady better be
out of here in the next 10 minutes.
Can you make it 20?
She's using a magic skull
to amplify her powers
and make it take a minute.
Wow! You really are a
terrible liar. Make it 5 minutes.
Magic skull psychic powers.
You think I was born yesterday?
So. if Zaya warned you
about Vedric. how did
he still get a hold of
the Void King anyway?
Yes. Princess. How did he manage
to get hold of the Void King?
Despite my warnings. Vedric
became obsessed with the skull.
The man I admired was
slipping away. lost the darkness.
I was desperate to save him.
So. I hired Calibur to
raid the Ioloid tombs
and retrieve the Void
King before Vedric could.
I will give you half an hour and
half an hour for the Void King.
What's so important
about this relic you're after?
It's none of your concern.
Imported enough that you would dare
to meet me by yourself in person.
Princess.
No one could have an old
I've asked of you today. Ever.
I appreciate you putting
your utmost trust in me.
I will return with your prize soon.
Princess.
Little did I know
that Zaya had seen
everything and was
making her own plans.
Oh. oh...
Look. carbon doesn't
like small spaces.
There's no air to
breathe in this tunnel.
Hey. there's plenty of air.
And I'm here. We need to get jumpy.
I'm with Kevin on this one.
Yeah. Dorf tunnels are the worst.
Dorf tunnels are the best.
Doors are master tunnels.
What makes you
think Dorf's here or
anything like the ones
you've read about?
Maybe this is where the mythology
of Dorf's actually came from.
Some previous crossover
between our worlds.
Okay. whatever.
So we know that Oleg was a Dorf.
We know that he had a crown.
Anything else?
Well. King Oleg had two sons.
twins. in fact.
But the queen died in
childbirth and both babies
were taken from her
belly at the same time.
So both had right to the throne?
And both despised
each other for it.
So when Oleg grew old. he decided
to let fate choose the next ruler.
Whichever son found the
crown first. would be King.
So both twins ventured off in
search of it. Neither returned.
And the crown of Oleg
was never seen again.
Until today. with any luck. or not.
End of the road.
This map of yours
is no good. Flynn.
Of course.
Now you want to give me credit.
When it's a literal dead end.
Because it's not my fault
you gave me a bad map.
Wait.
Can I borrow that for a second?
Thanks. Calvin.
And to work hard.
This must be something.
If there's a way through.
it will be this rule.
Look. there's another
one on this side.
Two doors.
Two in brothers.
The two sons of King Oleg.
I'm impressed. Flynn.
What do you think now. Calvinmore?
I still think it's a dead end.
Who would build a dead end and make
all these cargo buildings right?
Give me that.
Battle of the brains.
If anything's gonna win.
I think we're all gonna die.
Here we go.
Secret button.
Boom.
Bring me the wing.
No!
Slay!
Do you never...
Ever touch the two speeds?
I did it.
I'm sorry.
Are you okay?
That leg is wrecked.
It's a shattered.
Got move.
Two in five.
Aurora. I have mirror.
You can heal him.
Yes.
And then I owe her for saving me.
No. thank you.
What. you're just gonna lay
here and not accept her help?
Doesn't surprise me.
He's a stubborn fool.
Oh. five.
Oh. did her help.
This is crazy.
What happened between you two when
you sent him to get the void key?
Yeah. I succeeded.
Obviously.
Succeeded in ruining everything.
Have you found a way yet?
To the other world?
I'm still searching.
Even if there is such
a way. I'm backing you.
Again. to reconsider.
Speak to your sister.
Oh. I've already spoken to Zaya.
She's been persuaded
to be part of my plan.
What plan?
Zaya will accompany
Gora into the other world.
With her abilities. you
will lead him to the skull.
And Zaya has agreed to this.
You seem nervous.
or... Is something wrong?
No.
No. I should return to my
studies to find a way for you.
There is no longer
any need for that.
How did you...
Never trust a thief.
Yes. your friend Calibur
sold me the Void Key.
Though it cost me ten times
what you were paying him.
I have to believe me. Patrick.
I never meant to hurt you.
I only wanted to save... No!
No more lies.
You betrayed me.
And that. I cannot abide.
Gods!
Take her to the doctor.
If you continue to do this.
Patrick. it'll be your undoing.
Ask Zaya!
Yes. it's her!
Patrick. no! I'm having me now!
No! Patrick. get up! Get up!
If I had a dagger. I'd
have stabbed you with it.
A little blow. bro. I'm
going to sell her out like that.
How pleased!
She was a spoiled. rich. Irish
royal lion to her as she was.
But now as I to know that
she was good and he was bad.
Seems like the only decision
was between cold and more cold.
Is he's decision to make?
Make sense.
Given the context. Master
Thief would go for the money.
You're seriously team Calibur right
now. He totally betrayed Aurora.
Thank you. Oakley.
Yeah. I'm full on team Aurora.
Calibur has no team.
This story is long and boring.
Then I will simplify it for you.
I trusted this snake and he betrayed
me. That's all there is to know.
If you had trusted me. you would
have told me what was his mistake.
If what I've known what
you were actually up to.
I never would have
sought the Voicky defector.
So you say now that
we all know the one
thing you really care
about is getting gold.
Is that all right?
Well. Sire was. We need
to tell him the truth and yes.
He changed everything.
You've done a terrible thing.
More than once.
But perhaps you could be
more specific young lady.
That money won't do you any good.
What are you after?
Who are you with?
Giving that money to your
village won't stop it from burning.
How do you know?
Do we have plans to make?
Wait. so Zaya told you that your
village was going to burn down?
She didn't tell me
anyway to stop it.
And she gave him a tiny scroll.
Come on guys. this tracks.
He's telling the truth.
Or just part of the truth.
What did the scroll say?
Go to Eldress Keep.
That day of the mid-summer moon.
And take the Voicky.
Only Zaya left out one.
A small detail.
That Vedric would be there.
slaying an army of
resistance fighters.
And of course.
She said nothing
about the three of you.
No. no. no.
This wasn't a plan.
Where's Zaya?
Did she give you the skull?
What?
Give me the Voicky.
The battle is lost.
It was retreat.
He's a purple.
Zaya does always seem
to leave out the bad part.
But as proof. she has
everything figured out.
Calbor was meant to steal the Voicky
before Vedric could get to it.
You can't expect us to believe that
Calbor is the hero of this story.
Not since you've been trying
so hard to paint me the villain.
What is your game?
You would never just
take orders from Zaya.
So why would you really.
at Eldress Keep. for gold?
There's a matter.
Nothing to say.
You said it yourself.
You don't regret a thing.
You don't regret.
Fine.
But do you want to know
why I listened to Zaya?
Because she swore that if I
did everything she asked me to.
that it would save you...
Aurora.
I'm Doctor.
Which it did.
Now here we are.
Me still entangled in this mess.
I was trying to fix my
long list of mistakes.
And a lot of good
has done me so far.
Oh.
I see.
It's kind of hard not to be
Team Calibur right now.
Alrighty.
So. how's this supposed to work?
First. hold this.
I'm uncertain what will
happen when I touch the skull.
I'm not normal.
Even amongst my own people.
Marrow flows throughout my body and
the skull may want that. Marrow.
Okay. I'm not
following any of this.
The skull is evil.
It may try to use
me. hence the cudgel.
I'm not hitting you with the bat.
Agreed.
I only meant to hit the
skull from my hands.
Ready?
Not at all.
I can't.
Hey. hey. hey.
What's going on?
Well. your text is
sounding like it couldn't wait.
Yeah.
It's easy to show you.
You wanna come in?
You wanna follow me?
No.
How are you doing?
Hold on.
I don't know.
How's Darryl?
Darryl's all right.
He's a bit shaken
up. but we're all
just trying to keep
it together. right?
All right.
Trying not to go crazy.
Okay.
Wow.
This is alive.
All right.
I got my entire
sales team calling
everyone and anyone
looking for the kids.
My IT guy got into neighborhood
and doorbell cam networks.
We're running security
cams. all the cams.
We're running facial recognition
software to skin footage.
Is that legal?
No.
Yeah.
Maybe.
Is?
I mean. doesn't matter.
You get what I asked.
How's your white
hand doing all this?
Ginny?
Uh... She's...
Yeah. we separated a while ago.
but also a little bit divorced now.
So. uh... She's glamping
across Morocco with her new guy.
She has me no more cash. so yeah.
She's...
Me here alone now.
I guess I'm having a hard
time letting go of some things.
Sorry. this is none of my business.
Are you okay. bitch?
Yeah. I'm fine.
I'm fine.
I don't look it off. right?
I'm sure I smell bad. and...
I keep ramming them
because all these energy drinks.
and I haven't slept. and what. no.
you know what? No. I'm not okay.
I should shower. right?
Later. maybe.
Well. at least you're
doing something.
Yeah.
Even if it's... Yeah.
So. any leads?
Yeah. yeah.
What do you think?
I have a guy that had it made
up. so everybody knows who to...
I should make it work for Flynn.
and you could be a part of it.
Okay.
How about you. man?
Nothing concrete. but
there is a person of interest
and he keeps showing
up over and over.
The hobo with the sword.
The first time he showed
up was two weeks ago.
This is a doorbell cam from
a house that was robbed.
It was owned by a historian
who collected ancient artifacts.
Okay. the sheriff said he
was just some brand of nut job
and he had nothing
to do with our kids.
The transcripts of the
interrogation right here.
He didn't say a
bunch of crazy stuff.
but he definitely saw our kids.
It says so right here.
He knows something.
There's a whole something going on.
And clearly. the police aren't
going to do anything about it.
Okay. the sheriff still
has him in custody.
Hey. let him go. Look.
Did he?
I don't know.
Is it a coincidence?
It's weird. right?
What is this guy?
There's literally no
record of this guy.
All we know is that he
goes by the name Gorn.
The police think our kids ran away.
They are not going
to unravel this mystery.
Shana is up to us.
Okay.
How can I help find this Gorn ring?
Get you an iPad.
Just a second.
I require the dwelling
place of a human.
A man. a young man.
Darryl of Griffin lineage.
I'm sorry. we don't
give out information to...
Is that a sword?
He's still a scoundrel.
You should all remember that.
Just to be clear. this
doesn't put me in your debt.
I would never want you in my debt.
This change is nothing.
I will never forgive
you for that. too.
We are simply working
together for the greater good.
Worked together.
You're greater good.
King Oleg had twin sons.
Just like these two murals.
Yes. That's it.
One for each of them.
There isn't one secret button.
There's two.
I must focus.
Run. Leus.
How was your leg?
Good as new.
Ready?
Uh-huh.
Three. two. one.
We're for the win.
Needle-to-spiders. give back.
Get him out of me!
What happened?
Are they gone?
I have a flashlight.
I hate the light.
Did anybody get bits?
I don't know.
Short was a breath.
Weak limbs.
And your mouth tastes like ashes.
Not me?
I'm good.
My mouth tastes like my
grandmother's ass tray.
Reminds Calvin of home.
I don't know. Well. that was lucky.
They were right past us.
Must be headed to the surface.
What do we do?
What is that?
Wrong beetle execs.
The only known antidote
to needle-spiders.
Gotta eat it.
Take this.
What are you doing?
Follow it!
I can't swallow pills.
I can't just gag on them.
Even aspirin.
I can't do an exec.
Then chew it if you
must. but do not delay.
Cash?
Hurry up.
Oh. man.
This is protein. bro.
Oh.
I'm sorry.
I didn't open up the door.
Sorry.
You're the one who
found the way through.
She's right.
There was the only way forward.
I must admit. you
have an act for this son.
I mean. I was just
following you. me.
So...
Enough to hide fine
for me. Diana White.
Try to be still.
The poison spreads to your
body with every move you make.
And with any luck. the
execs will take effect
before the light runs
out and spiders eat you.
I'm so glad we spent
our precious marijuana on
returning you to your
normal. unbearable self.
Well. just working together.
It's the greater good.
Lin. Oakley with me.
You're a good breath.
Later.
I'll be back.
Wait!
This is the address.
Just please don't hurt me.
Don't hurt me.
Excuse me. sir.
Can I help you?
Sir?
Sire!
Wait!
What?
What's wrong?
Everything.
Everything is wrong.
Everything goes wrong.
What? What did you see?
There is no path
to victory. Darryl.
Vedric wins.
Always.
What about Flynn?
Same as the rest of us.
Vedric will use the skull
to destroy your world and
mine. and there's nothing
you can do to stop it.
But we have the skull.
You promised me that
you would save Flynn.
I've seen every pathway
and they all end the same.
The future leads only
to death and destruction.
You can't just give up.
No one knows for sure
what anyone's going to do.
We always have a choice.
Sometimes there is
no choice or way to win.
The future is already written.
Okay. You said we can't
change the future. Tell me this.
Am I going to eat
this cookie or not?
Doesn't matter.
Yes. it does. Right now.
Am I going to eat this Oreo?
Look at the future.
And?
You do not eat it.
You're right.
I wasn't going to 100%.
But you know what?
I'm feeling a little... snaggy.
You only made a different choice
because I told you the future.
Exactly!
We make our own path.
Don't focus on what's
going to happen.
Focus on what we can do about it.
But what if it's just impossible?
Maybe there isn't a way.
Or maybe that's what the
school wants you to believe.
Maybe it only wants you to see
bad things so that we give up.
I could feel it resisting me.
One thing I know is
when things get bad.
it's hard to see the
light in the tunnel.
But that's when we
have to stay strong.
Fight harder.
Have faith.
And keep trying no matter what.
This was such
horrible visions. Darryl.
And find a way for us to change
them and give them one back.
I believe in you. Zahian.
Hmm.
We'll need more of these cookies.
Oh. okay. Door phones.
Never a good sign.
And here's the other one.
First brother's dead.
Well. I'll be.
King Olik's crown.
We did it!
We actually did it!
Well. now we just have to
figure out how to get in there.
Look. his son's made it here alive.
He was so close to the crown.
And it looks like they
died fighting over it.
See?
They didn't come with these axes.
The king put them here.
They each have their own pedestal.
So they each took an axe and
went full mortal combat. fatality.
That guy probably bled to
death trying to get the crown.
But he couldn't lift this gate.
Our father would
do this to their sons.
A ruthless dwarf
king. time of father.
Give me a hand with this gate.
Three. two. one.
Yeah. this gate's
not going to budge.
You know. when my father was alive.
he preferred my brother. Darryl.
Come on. I'm sure that's not true.
It's true.
They had so much in common.
Football. camping. hiking. fishing.
There is no question which one
of us would have chose to be king.
But he definitely wouldn't
have his fight to the death for it.
Again. he's a ruthless dwarf king.
Yeah. but he's a father as well.
Maybe Oleg didn't
want his sons to fight.
Maybe he wanted
them to work together.
Like how we had to push
the blind at the same time.
Except look what was
waiting for them. A pair of axes.
Fairly clear message.
don't you think?
Unless...
they can't put them
here for another reason.
Well. I'm pretty sure I
know what this is here for.
So many holes.
There could be keyholes.
And we can use the
axes as giant keys.
Look. you're both wasting time.
I know it's hard to
fathom. but sometimes
the strongest wins
and the weakest loses.
It's just the way the world works.
Their twins evenly matched.
Which is why they both died.
Why do they only have to be one?
Why couldn't they rule together?
Because there's only
one crown. that's why.
Yeah. but then there
should only be one axes.
What if these two axes
go together. one key?
Yeah. I knew there was
something odd about this design.
You got it?
That way.
This is the key.
Come on. Say it.
You can say whatever you want.
Say it. Come on. Say it.
As much as it pains me to say.
Mm-hmm.
Flynn for the win.
You've made your
mentor really proud today.
Well. I learned from a pro.
But you're still in office.
And there's one more
trap we have to deal with.
Ready?
If anything goes wrong.
don't worry. I'm right here.
Daryl?
You okay?
Come on. Come on.
Come on. Talk to me.
You all right?
Your skull... ...is
hungry for marrow.
Try to drain it from me.
What'd you see?
I saw it.
A cookie moment.
There is one way.
To change the future.
We need to send a
message to your brother.
What is it?
On final trap.
Yes.
Some clever. dwarven
ingenuity I'm spotting.
I have a plan. Oakley. your bag.
No. I would give you my bag.
Don't have much time.
Hurry. just give it to me.
Okay.
Yes. This is perfect.
He's like Indiana Jones.
This didn't work for Indiana Jones.
No.
What?
Give it to me.
Wait. what are you doing?
One final lesson. Flynn.
Don't trust anyone.
Show me how to
learn it the hard way.
I don't understand.
What?
Would you look at that two crowns?
Right. again. Flynn.
Seems like the
king did believe
in working together.
Me? I work alone.
It's a long way. finest.
Nope. I don't want to hear it.
Not a word!
Call of war!
I don't understand.
Don't. We need to go.
Now.
Go. but what about... No. no. no.
He knows we're here. He's coming.
Hey. who? Who knows? Who's coming?
Gorn.
Hey. you know what. guys?
My mouth.
He's like my mouth again.
How's does mine know?
Heaven's two.
Sad.
I think that means
it's safe to move again.
Exactly for the win.
Don't find the flames
when the will come on.
Some love prohibition.
graduations. call of high.
Repentation. temptation.
graduation. white sublime time.
Gorn. so long. I know I'm wrong.
Say face. name names.
don't find the flames.
When will you come home?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today